NO-JIRA: readme: describe mapping between operatorLogLevel and log level (#835)
openshift/cluster-kube-controller-manager-operator: README.md

| Trace    | 6         |
| TraceAll | 10        |

> The log level of cluster-kube-controller-manager-operator can be increased by setting `.spec.operatorLogLevel` field:
> ```
> $ oc explain KubeControllerManager.spec.operatorLogLevel
> GROUP:      operator.openshift.io
> KIND:       KubeControllerManager
> VERSION:    v1
> FIELD: operatorLogLevel <string>
> DESCRIPTION:
>     operatorLogLevel is an intent based logging for the operator itself.  It
>     does not give fine grained control, but it is a simple way to manage coarse
>     grained logging choices that operators have to interpret for themselves. 
>      Valid values are: "Normal", "Debug", "Trace", "TraceAll". Defaults to
>     "Normal".
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the log level of cluster-kube-controller-manager-operator can be increased by setting the `.spec.operatorLogLevel` field:
```

- we do not have to duplicate the description here
- nit: missing `the` here and in the `.spec.logLevel field`

Author: updated !

Reviewer: thanks!
